Dimmu Borgir - Gateways
The core principle of freedom
is the only notion to obey.
The formula of evolution and sin
leading the way.
The rebirth is near completion
as we slowly awaken from slumber.
[ I didn't expect my mom to show up ]
As we slowly awaken from slumber.
The malpractice of the spirit ends
Gateways!
when the gift is once again attained.
No rules or restraints are longer valid
Gateways!
When the ancient future is reclaimed.
No rules or restraints are longer valid
Gateways!
when the ancient future is reclaimed!
It is all there for the eyes that can see.
The blind ones will always suffer in secrecy.
For it is the omen of what lies submerged [within]
untouched within us
The core principle of freedom
is the only notion to obey.
The formula of evolution and sin
leading the way.
The rebirth is near completion
as we slowly awaken from slumber.
To receive the light that shines in darkness.
The light that shines forever more.
Forever more!
Be the broken or the breaker.
Be the giver or the undertaker.
Unlock and open the doors.
Be the healer or the faker.
The keys are in your hands.
Realize you are your own sole creator
of your own master plan.
Be the broken or the breaker.
Be the giver or the undertaker.
Unlock and open the doors.
Be the healer or the faker.
The keys are in your hands.
Realize you are your own sole creator
of your own master plan.